{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman}}
\fs24 \margl1152 \margr1425 \margt0 \margb2160 \par
Wiltshire Modellers\par
\par
Exhibition Manager: Geoff Endacott\par
\par
7 Beaven Close, Chippenham, Wilts., SN15 3FE.\par
\par
Tel: 01249-657283   Fax: 01249-444170\par
\par
                                                     20 May 1997\par
Dear Exhibitor\par
\par
I am writing to thank you for your support last week at TRAINWEST '97. By the time you add complimentary ticket holders and exhibitors to the 2,000 paying customers our total attendance must have been about 2,200 people.\par
\par
Even more encouraging is the fact that when we analysed the questionnaires, 54% rated the show as very good and 95% said that it was above average. We must have done something right and the challenge is therefore to live up to this achievement next year on 16 & 17 May.\par
\par
Of course, the unexpectedly high attendance means that we made a four-figure profit. The majority of this will be used to fund next year's show, but we have been able to make significant donations to the Girls' Venture Corps and the Bridge Youth & Community Centre.\par
\par
We will also be able to fund the new layout for the junior members of the Bridge Centre Model Railway Club, once they decide whether they are modelling the Midland Main Line in OO, the Great Western Main Line in N, a London Transport Station or Stanley Bridge Halt on the Calne Branch. When they get their act together, I suspect that the eventual layout will represent none of the above!\par
\par
I must apologise for the problems we experienced with car parking, especially when it came to loading up and leaving. We are normally able to park vehicles on the grass and load via the two fire doors at the far end of the Sports Hall, but obviously the torrential rain meant that the centre management didn't want us to drive onto the grass. I am sorry that some of you were therefore forced to wait at the top of the slope for space to become available on the tarmac, but I think our car park stewards did the best they could under difficult circumstances. If anyone knows how I can switch off the rain next year, I would be glad to hear from them.\par
\par
Thanks are also due to those of you who I bullied into buying draw tickets. The Youth & Community Centre made a profit of #329.17 from the raffle, so needless to say they are rather pleased too.\par
\par
I had intended to give exhibition guides out to all exhibitors at the beginning of the show, but you probably realised that we got rather overwhelmed by a very large queue of people and were in danger of running out of guides before the end of the show. We have therefore made up some more guides and I am enclosing a copy with this letter.\par
\par
-2-\par
\par
\par
With regard to TRAINWEST\~ '98, we have decided that there will again be at least forty layouts in the show, but that they will all be different from those which came this year. Some of you will be attending with new layouts and others may be invited to come back with the same layout in 1999. Most traders will in due course receive invitations for next year's show.\par
\par
Some of the invitations for TRAINWEST\~ '98 have already been sent out, some are enclosed with this letter and others will follow once I can get my office organised again! Please give me a ring if there is anything which you would like to know.\par
\par
Finally, I would like to thank you once again for your support and hope that we will see you again next year.\par
\par
Yours faithfully\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Geoff Endacott\par
\par

}
